Clean up other "working" timetables: - TEDIOUS
- NEC

For generalizing to non-Amtrak feeds:
1 -- Give the Amtrak module interface a defined (duck) type, so that we can
     swap in a different module.  This is easier to do than it appears!
     We can literally just use a variable to hold which module to call.
2 -- for non-Amtrak data, figure out how to initialize the station name code from GTFS (requires method signature change?)
3 -- fix the get_time_column_stylings code to check the "agency" data
4 -- Switch wheelchair access detection to be based on GTFS.
     Write a routine to patch Amtrak's GTFS based on the wheelchair access detection
     from the Amtrak stations database.
5 -- Find a way to grab station names from Amtrak if available (Advanced Information),
     but from GTFS if not available.

Finish adding Connecting Services:
- Add Amtrak as connecting service for VIA Rail timetables

Add arrows to the font -- follow up with designer on commission
- The arrows are currently pulled from Noto Sans Symbols via "backup font" method.
- We should have custom arrows.

For prettiness:
1 -- get the "sleeper" symbol printing (the icon and hooks are ready)

For internal code cleanup:
1 -- lean on pre-existing code in GTFS_kit where possible (restrict_*)

California Zephyr
NOTE ! NOTE ! NOTE !
Richmond CA is not handicapped accessible until at LEAST Jan 3 2023 -- check San Joaquins site
for details

Broken due to GTFS breakage:
- Winter Park Express
- Vermont to Upstate NY
- Southwest Chief
- Lincoln Service (ibid)
- Quincy (ibid)
- Grand Canyon (ibid)
- Heartland Flyer (ibid)
- Empire Service
- Maple Leaf
- Ethan Allen Express
Not running:
- Adirondack

Put off, because these have printable state agency timetables, or almost:
- Cascades - Oregon Point bus schedule problem
- Downeaster
- Hartford Line
- Pacific Surfliner
- San Joaquins
- Hiawatha

When new GTFS drops:
1 -- Southwest Chief (currently missing entirely)
2 -- add Southwest Chief back into Lincoln Service
3 -- add Southwest Chief back into Quincy Service
4 -- Maple Leaf back to Canada / Empire Service (currently very buggy)
5 -- Ethan Allen Express to Burlington
6 -- then recheck everything else

Fine for after release of timetables:
0 -- Add "omit" key for row to allow a row of notes for the programmer in the CSV

1 -- consider adding "Route name" notation based on location of Station column (see Hartford Line)

2 -- Routine to print out calendar for a single route,
     with out-of-period dates removed, for inspection

3 -- Test install and resolve other problematic directory references

4 -- Resolve command-line functions in amtrak/ into a __main__.py

5 -- Improve calendar filtering for days of week
    Still not clear what the best approach for this is.

    Failing to filter for the days of the week can give two calendars
    or zero, where I'm looking for one.

    Amtrak, upsettingly, has a lot of weird one-day service calendars.
    These are best described as "confusing".  This messed up the CONO
    timetable generator for 20220312.

    To make matters worse, there are calendar gaps in other timetables,
    like the Cardinal one.  We need a better presentation on this crap.

6 -- Sanitize pathnames coming from command line and environment.
    We're very sloppy right now.

7 -- add a way to specify "special CSS" in the JSON, in order to avoid duplicative work in the CSV.
      Basically allow a CSS class, or several, to be embedded in the JSON and referenced in the CSV.

Fine for never:
8 -- implement prototype spec generator using toposort to merge station lists.
     This is really a many-step process.

Wishlist:
9 -- "Reverse style" timetables with stations on top and trains on the left.  This would just be cool.
(OK.  It would be AWESOME.)

CSS Paged Media project:
- Unique table IDs.
Allows header styling to work on multiple timetables in same HTML document.
- Put *all* connecting service CSS (also icons, etc) into CSS.
This allows two unrelated HTML timetable pages to share the same CSS,
which is needed to generate multipage HTML directly.
- Move font selection out of CSS jinja substitutions (somehow).
This allows two unrelated HTML timetable pages to share the same CSS,
which is needed to generate multipage HTML directly.
